README.md, before:

#TopShelf - Popover
Changes = The Popover plugin for jQuery

##Setup
###Add the dependencies

    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.1.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/ts-popover.js"></script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css">

###Add some markup
TopShelf Popover uses "data-ui" attributes for JavaScript hooks. CSS classes are only used for styling.

The "href" of your popover trigger should match the "id" of the popover you wish to target.

    <a href="firstPopover" data-ui="popover-trigger">Show the Popover</a>
    
    <div id="firstPopover" class="popover" data-ui="popover-panel">
        <a class="close" href="" data-ui="popover-close">close</a>
        Hello Sailor
    </div>

###Make it go
Add some jQuery just before your </body> tag.

    <script>
        $(function(){
            $("*[data-ui='popover-panel']").tsPopover();
        });
    </script>

###Settings (optional)
You can pass .tsPopover() some settings. Here are the defaults...

    $("div[data-ui='popover-panel']").tsPopover({
        "transition": "simple"
        , "easyClose": true
        , "draggable": true
        , "mask": false
        , "callbacks" : { "open" : function () { return false; } , "close" : function () { return false; } }
    });

####transition
The type of transition to use. There's only the show / hide "simple" transition right now...

####easyClose
When set to true, any clicks outside the popover pane will close the popover.

####draggable
When set to true, the popover pane is draggable.

####mask
When set to true, all content behind the popover is masked out.

####callbacks
You can pass a callback function for each of the public methods.

###Public methods
TopShelf Popover has two public methods "open" and "close". You can call these methods like...

	$("#firstPopover").tsPopover("open");
	
You can also pass a callback into a public method call like...

	$("#firstPopover").tsPopover("open", myCallback());

Commit message:

Adding about this Fork section to Readme

README.md, after:

#TopShelf - Popover
The Popover plugin for jQuery

##About this Fork
The premise for this fork is to add some additional transitions :)

##Setup
###Add the dependencies

    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.1.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/ts-popover.js"></script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css">

###Add some markup
TopShelf Popover uses "data-ui" attributes for JavaScript hooks. CSS classes are only used for styling.

The "href" of your popover trigger should match the "id" of the popover you wish to target.

    <a href="firstPopover" data-ui="popover-trigger">Show the Popover</a>
    
    <div id="firstPopover" class="popover" data-ui="popover-panel">
        <a class="close" href="" data-ui="popover-close">close</a>
        Hello Sailor
    </div>

###Make it go
Add some jQuery just before your </body> tag.

    <script>
        $(function(){
            $("*[data-ui='popover-panel']").tsPopover();
        });
    </script>

###Settings (optional)
You can pass .tsPopover() some settings. Here are the defaults...

    $("div[data-ui='popover-panel']").tsPopover({
        "transition": "simple"
        , "easyClose": true
        , "draggable": true
        , "mask": false
        , "callbacks" : { "open" : function () { return false; } , "close" : function () { return false; } }
    });

####transition
The type of transition to use. There's only the show / hide "simple" transition right now...

####easyClose
When set to true, any clicks outside the popover pane will close the popover.

####draggable
When set to true, the popover pane is draggable.

####mask
When set to true, all content behind the popover is masked out.

####callbacks
You can pass a callback function for each of the public methods.

###Public methods
TopShelf Popover has two public methods "open" and "close". You can call these methods like...

	$("#firstPopover").tsPopover("open");
	
You can also pass a callback into a public method call like...

	$("#firstPopover").tsPopover("open", myCallback());
